A key part of operating resilient cloud applications is monitoring them.  But it can be challenging to ensure that all aspects of your applications and infrastructure are captured.  Monitoring point solutions can create silos of data, and can require a lot of infrastructure to store all the data points that might be significant in root cause analysis. 

Tanzu enables you to offer observability capabilities as a service to your developers and operators.  And Tanzu accelerates your teams by providing out of the box views of application and infrastructure KPIs that are fully customizable.

* In the TMC browser tab, click on the three vertical dots next to the "Tanzu Observability by Wavefront" item in the "Integrations" section for the "pez-tools" cluster and select "Open".  
* Explore the graphs and data a bit.  Show the overall cluster view that you start in, but then click on the "Nodes" link in the "Kubernetes Objects" panel near the top of the dashboard.  This highlights that TO gives you multiple perspectives to assess the health of your clusters and infrastructure.  
* Highlight that TO creates these default views for you so that you immediately start getting value without having to create your own dashboards from scratch.  However, these view are completely customizable.  Click the three dots in the upper righthand corner and select "Clone" to show how you could customize the dashboard to your preferences by moving graphs around, adding new graphs, etc.  
  * Make sure to go back and delete this cloned dashboard if you actually show the interface.  
* Bank in the cluster view, click the "Pods" link in the "Kubernetes Objects" panel.  In the resulting view, in the "Pods" panel click the "Group By" dropdown and select "Namespace Name" to show the Pet Clinic app namespaces.  Mention that these views have all been very infrastructure centric and that we can show views more specific to the application as well.
* Go to the TO tab you opened as part of the setup process for your Pet Clinic Application Dashboard.  
* In the resulting view, point out the small, blue dots on some of the graphs near the top.  Mention these are events that show when your application was deployed, and hover over one of them to show the details.
* Scroll around the rest of the view a bit.  Remind your audience that these views are all generated by default as well when your application metrics show up so you get valuable information about your applications quickly.
* Click on the alerts tab at the top of the TO browser tab.  Mention that TO allows you to create alerts, and that it's AI/ML based smart alerts help your teams focus on problems without being overwhelmed by false alarms that simple "threshold" based alerts might cause.  
